station to control visual confirmation
of master over children I see it it's
gonna heat you that was that
yes CDs c'mere c'mere c'mere c'mere
c'mere c'mere c'mere tell the committee
they simple safe and sound each passing
year has seen our estimate of the
probability of life in space increase
more and more scientists feel that
contact is no longer something beyond
our dreams but is a natural event in the
history of mankind
several perhaps occur within the
lifetime of many of us
there've been Rovers on Mars for 20
years I wonder what this one's found the
sample is a large single-cell
unmistakeably biological the first
incontrovertible proof of life beyond
Earth you're finally a daddy it's gonna
be a big custody battle over this one
that's beautiful
the manner of which we first meet life
beyond death may determine the character
of all our subsequent relations let us
never forget the fatal impact we've had
upon innumerable people's on this earth
people who trusted us befriended us and
who we destroyed by our thoughtlessness
the light we know the specifications and
we don't know what it is
this advocates gave to us we'll risk all
human life we're out of order you don't
know what it can do the life we know the
life we know
perhaps that is where we ought to begin
with ourselves